[Music]
cattle the Tampa Bay's got missing just
above the cult Peninsula sorry we've got
a shootout under the ice
I told six feet you want a hunter-killer
we've been ordered across waters that no
American sub has ever crossed before
to merge the ship
we are witnessing the most aggressive
military buildup in Russian history
we've been keeping tabs on the Russian
president in his defense minister Doron
oh my god it's a cool we're dealing with
a single Road Minister what if we could
free presidents the car we rescue the
Russian president amazing years
underground captain waiting orders we're
going in with four of our boys and get
one Russian president we need a look of
navigator I wish my men where's my ship
because it was the right thing to do
this is about our future if we don't
pull this off it's gonna be World War
three you will be court-martialed that
is my job to keep you alive long enough
so you can testify
the water ship ready to loosen ready
weapon ready five seconds sir
fire
so we just start a war you know put
myself in the one
now stations
that's a warship
[Music]
you